Astro 11/8 release notes (#1447)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.1 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## November 8, 2022

### New DAG deployment method

Using Astro CLI 1.7, you can run `astro deploy -—dags` to push only the `dags` directory of your Astro project to a Deployment on Astro. This is an alternative to rebuilding your Astro project's Docker image every time you change your code.

DAG-only deploys:

- Are significantly faster than running `astro deploy` to rebuild your project.
- Improve performance and reduce costs by removing the requirement to terminate and restart your workers every time you a change a DAG.
- Allow the creation of separate CI/CD processes for DAG deploys and changes to Astro projects. See [CI/CD templates](ci-cd.md#ci-cd-templates) for examples. 

> For more information, see [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#dag-only-deploys).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Deploy DAGs only](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only).
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.1 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## November 8, 2022

### New DAG deployment method

> Using Astro CLI 1.7, you can run `astro deploy -—dags` to push only the `dags` directory of your Astro project to a Deployment on Astro. This is an alternative to rebuilding your Astro project's Docker image every time you change your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro CLI 1.7, you can run `astro deploy -—dags` to push only the `dags` directory of your Astro project to a Deployment on Astro. This is an alternative to rebuilding your Astro project's Docker image every time you change your code.
```

DAG-only deploys:

> - Are significantly faster than running `astro deploy` to rebuild your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speed project rebuilds significantly over running a full `astro deploy`.
```

> - Don't cause your workers to terminate and restart every time you need to make a change to a DAG, which leads to performance and cost benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve performance and reduce costs by removing the requirement to terminate and restart your workers every time you a change a DAG.
```

> - Enable teams to create separate CI/CD processes for deploying DAGs and deploying other changes to your Astro project. See [Two-step templates](ci-cd.md#two-step-templates) for examples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow the creation of separate CI/CD processes for DAG deploys and changes to Astro projects. See [Two-step templates](ci-cd.md#two-step-templates) for examples. 
```

For more information, see [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#dag-only-deploys).

### Improved data lineage interface

> The **Lineage** tab in the Cloud UI has been updated with more features and now matches the look and feel of Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features have been added to the **Lineage** page in the Cloud UI and it now matches the appearance of Astro.
```
How does the page match the appearance of Astro? Do you mean other pages in the Cloud UI? Maybe:

The appearance and functionality of the *Lineage** page in the Cloud UI are now improved.

![Updated lineage page](/img/release-notes/lineage-integrated.png)

Specifically, the tab includes the following improvements:

- The process for comparing runs uses a simpler interface and provides more information about the runs you're comparing. See [Compare lineage graphs from previous runs](data-lineage.md#compare-lineage-graphs-from-previous-runs).

> - Names for UI elements have been updated to more clearly represent Airflow resources. For example, **jobs** was renamed to **runs**, and the **Explore** tab was renamed to **Runs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Names for UI elements have been updated to more clearly represent Airflow resources. For example, **jobs** is now **runs**, and the **Explore** tab is now **Runs**.
```

> ### Improved data lineage interface
> 
> The **Lineage** tab has new features and is better integrated into the Cloud UI.
> 
> ![Updated lineage page](/img/release-notes/lineage-integrated.png)
> 
> Specifically, the tab includes the following improvements:
> 
> - The process for comparing runs uses a simpler interface and provides more information about the runs you're comparing. See [Compare lineage graphs from previous runs](data-lineage.md#compare-lineage-graphs-from-previous-runs).
> - Names for UI elements have been updated to more clearly represent Airflow resources. For example, **jobs** is now **runs**, and the **Explore** tab is now **Runs**.
> - Lineage graphs include new colors and animations to show the flow of data as it moves between runs and datasets. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
Deleting for now until it's confirmed in production
